hey everyone so this is a video for all
of my beginner YouTube gurus I know it's
been a little bit while since I've done
a video I think the last video I did it
was about saving your back well this one
is definitely about time management now
I know that some of you guys who have
been watching me for a long time of our
life she's led to talk about time
management and her her long hiatuses
bloodletters of that I know I understand
and I'm getting a lot better but I
wanted to how to share you guys or share
with you guys some of the things that
I'm doing to kind of make myself a
little bit more of a no presence on
YouTube by actually getting my videos
out in a timely manner so one um a
couple things that you can do is if you
decided to make a channel you've done
all that stuff signed up for you to blah
blah blah blah now you gotta figure out
what videos you're going to do so one of
the tricks that I actually do is it take
like a notebook or a piece of paper and
I just jot down ideas I shadow looks
that I want to do product reviews um if
you're into the whole you know outfit of
the day face of the day whatever you can
pry all of those down and then as you
feel the need or get the urge to do
video you can say hey well let me go
ahead and do that eyeshadow look or let
me do this review and this new product
that i got and it kind of helps you
because you see things on paper rather
than pop it off of the dome so that's
one thing that you can do another thing
that you can do is if you have a like
set schedule say like you're in school
you go to school five days a week then
you have the weekend or you have free
time at a time that you can do videos so
for me sunday it's the day that I can do
videos because once I come back from
church and the house is clean and
everything and like nobody's here so
it's quiet i can get my videos done
sunday is my day that i do my videos so
um that's another thing you can do also
what you can do is if you have a set day
that you can do the
still more than one I know that two
tutorials is a little ambitious but if
you have like a favorites video or
review something that you can fit into
one time to push out two to three videos
that actually will help you and give you
two to three videos to upload for the
week um so that is a couple of my tip
now for the editing part if you're a
little more editing savvy and you have
like really really nice um like editing
software something like that might take
you a little bit longer to kind of get
your videos that but it it's the process
it's actually getting the product out
there think about it as a YouTube guru
for myself and consider myself as
producer I consider myself as the
director I consider myself the star I
consider myself the executive producer
because everything is done by yours
truly i buy all of my products I shoot
the videos I produced videos I edit the
videos everything's about what Oh with
that it takes a lot of time management
to kind of get those things now filming
the video might be the simple part for
you but if editing set the simple part
you have to really do good time
management for that and if you're
swapped on that you have to find good
time management so this is all about you
know plan your time out really making
sure that you're doing videos on a more
regular routine because if you have
fellow subscribers that want to watch
you and want to see what you're doing
and they really like your looks and
stuff like that they want to see you so
this is kind of my apology I guess in a
sense to all of those who have gone
through the hiatuses with me and all of
that but I'm actually doing a lot better
so I'm excited about that so other than
that I hope that you guys continue to
chip away at your channel especially if
you're a beginner I'm going to try to
put a little bit more of these videos up
a little bit more often because I think
they can't be a little helpful so then
that I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and I'll see you guys soon hi